Hello Qinghe
I'm going to the Regal Hotel soon.
Great, the construction of the Dawan Group
It still depends on the Xu Group to help a lot
Of course no problem.
It's you who take care of us to participate in Dawan Square
I'll treat you to dinner.
You said you were helping me
And you invited me to dinner
How sorry am I?
Let's be sisters
You're welcome. What?
By the way, you must call your husband.
What are you calling him for?
Well, do you want to talk to him about anything?
Oh, no.
I just want to see what's so attractive about him
Deserving of our family affinity
OK, so I'll see you later. OK, see you later.
So what's up?
So happy
You know Dawan Square
We at Joe's can't do it alone
But my best friend Xu Youle
Their group is willing to help us together
Good.
Go change clothes
Treat us to dinner later